bragging that we've built here at e3
it's awesome we wanted to give all the
fans in the audience of game trailers
and spike a sneak peak alright cool here
we go this is Skyrim it looks beautiful
here it is running on the 360 it is a
huge epic fantasy game where you can be
who you want and do whatever you want
we're really really pushing the hardware
we've rewritten all the graphics all of
the gameplay this go around and we just
want to fill a world with with detail
all the little things you can look at
these plants so micro detail macro
detail you can walk to the top of that
mountain it's if you played our stuff
you know these are huge games that are
wide open for you to explore a new it
you want we have a new animation system
so you can play in the third person so
some nice blending on the character when
that is a dragon board that is you can
you know be whoever you want male or
female this is the character we're
showing so a lot of you like to play in
the third person so it's a real viable
option let's go around as you Amy you've
got you know wildlife you've got mean
the world is really like really really
last we push for um and it's you are who
you play the right trigger does your
right hand the left trigger does your
left hand and so as opposed to picking a
character you just be who you want to do
it you want so now I'm kind of being a
battle mage where the left trigger is
casting this healing spell and I can put
that in any hand if I want so right
trigger and then left drilled spells
when you power always well pull both
triggers at the same time you get a more
powerful version of that spell now we're
headed up high up into the mountains
where it gets snowy let's do this Nordic
ruin this is one of our over a hundred
and fifty dungeons okay we have in the
game and the ancient Nord used to
worship dragons
so here we are inside the dungeon with
our bow we do have a lot of cool stealth
gameplay as well so we really want to
pay off on all of those different styles
of gameplay whether it's stealth melee
magic is this person is switching
between first and are you in this piping
first and third you think a lot people
gonna play it that way or you know I
prefer first person myself but I noticed
a lot of people just like to run around
in third person you can also do a wield
swords of that well actually new wheel
anyone hit and you'll see me use a
shower here it's one of our magic powers
you can do a lot of shouts throughout
the game right these dragon chats
I dope here we're seeing undead the
Draugr who live in this uh Nordic ruin
using a flame style by left hand sword
am i right
then another scalp our
and these how do you gain the chef's
powers through out for you you'll see
some of that coming up actually but you
you learn the words and then you have to
unlock the ability to use them to you
you learn these words of power in the
dragon language and the dragons in the
game or a big feature and when they're
doing things they're using the words as
well there are stabs you can use to
light areas of dungeons on our way out
of this dungeon we use water as a nice
feature to guide you out sometimes as
well they have a new source story system
this too right radiant stories just a
radiant story that guides all of our
quests to make it since it is a big open
game to give us some more control over
the experience you're gonna have and
make it more dynamic low here we're out
in the tundra which is this wide open
grasslands in the middle of Skyrim god I
mean c3 any attention right yep the
creation engine that we built just for
this game so the man this while these
creatures are peaceful unless you mess
with them oh not a good idea and you can
also breathe fire like the dragons
that's one of the shouts okay you
coming up here going
Dragonbreath
ah dragons can it to do anything they're
dynamic creatures we don't script them
so when we're playing the game we don't
know what they're gonna do often they
are these big boss fights that are
dynamic and interesting in ways that you
know we've never experienced in a game
before I read a rumor online the game is
over 300 hours or you can't spend at
least 300 hours again there's at least
300 hours and we kind of have stopped
counting there's so much stuff in this
game oh here's a battle with the non
friendly dragon kind of getting some
help from the guards this tower here and
then when they die you absorb their
souls and this allows you to unlock
words of power shouts that you've
learned and power them up and then we
also have fights in the game in times
where there are multiple dragons so here
comes another one up there a frost
dragon they're even more powerful than
the dragon that I just defeated with the
help of the guards and what school at
this game is you know dragons are not
just gonna come into the you know the
final temperature of the game I mean
you're gonna see them throughout the
game right there are creatures like any
other and you see them not from the
initial get-go but you see them
throughout the game yes I was really
your character starts this game you're
on your way to and execute your
execution Elektra you are being led your
execution this is another shout their
storm call so this calls a storm that
brings lightning down to defeat your
enemies learn more powerful show
and then once the dragons get hurt
enough they can't fly either landover
crash and how we relationship with these
dragons change strength again obviously
there there's some that will be friendly
to you I don't want to quite spoil it
yet but they all aren't how to destroy
the world and why they're back and what
they want is part of the mystery of the
main question the game that you're gonna
uncover Wow very cool Justine are there
any questions from fans for Todd our
question here from Jerry V on facebook
says love the Guild's in Oblivion I
wonder if the fractions are going to
return do you think it'll happen we do
have factions returning our three main
factions are the College of Winterhold
which is like for the mages the
Companions which is our warrior guild
and then the Thieves Guild of course
right very cool and there's the
beautiful Skyrim logo and the date we
know is going to be 11 11 11 which is
coming out in November very cool Justine
not any more questions we see player 22
on twitter says loving the new engine
can't wait to see more curious with how
many environments they will have in
Skyrim there's a lot so another thing
where we stopped counting I mean we have
seven major different regions in the
game you've seen some of that where we
getting a snowy mountains in pine
forests and fall forest that open Tundra
lots of different dungeon types I mean
we go at this each time trying to make
the biggest craziest role-playing game
we possibly can and let people just do
whatever they want awesome well Todd
thank you so much for coming by we
cannot wait to see more of Skyrim it's
definitely